All right.
So in the previous lesson, we saw a new warning message in this code whenever we used the apply directive
from the Tailwind Library.
That's because the CSC checker doesn't understand what this keyword means.
And so it's saying this is an unknown rule and obviously not valid access.
It totally is because our view compiler understands the syntax and knows how to integrate all of these
tailwind styles.
But the code editor doesn't.
And the simplest solution for now is going to be to just turn off these access checks so they don't
bother us.
So the easiest way to do this is to open up our file explorer.
And then at the very top of our project, you should see the dot vs code directory in there you'll see
a settings that JSON file, I'm going to open mine up right here and you might see two panels open or
perhaps one.
But the file that we're looking for here is this one that I have on my right hand side.
These are all the settings that we configured earlier in the course for our project, such as, for
example, the fact that the editor will save will format the file and we save it, that the editor will
use a default formatter of prettier to tabs or two spaces to represent a tab, etc..
So here's where we want to configure any project specific settings.
So at the very top here, I'm going to add a new setting, and this is just JavaScript object notation,
which is basically like a JavaScript object.
It's a combination of key value pairs where the key is the setting and the value is the actual option
that we've chosen for that setting.
So I'm going to add another key value pair here.
My key will be in double quotes and it's called CSC Dot Validate.
And then I'm going to provide a colon to provide the value.
And my value here is going to be a boolean of false.
And then make sure to put a comma here to make sure it moves on to the next line.
So we're just going to say turn off access validation.
Don't worry about that.
If Russia says breaks anyway, then the view compiler should catch it and we should see nothing successful
in the browser.
So we'll know if we did something incorrect.
All right.
So I'm going to close the settings that JSON file and we should see that those warnings have been removed
from our style section of our action button component.
This warning that we're seeing from Iceland is valid, but we're going to come back to it a little bit
later in this section.
All right.
That's all there is to cover in this lesson.
So I will see you in the next one.